Tan.
Tan!
Rin.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
I just thought that
you looked beautiful.
A handsome guy complimented me.
I'm about to get married.
Don't distract me.
It's because you
really are beautiful.
It's only natural that
Tanthai would compliment you.
I'm able to look this beautiful
thanks to you.
You made the dress for me.
It's really beautiful.
I'm happy that you like it.
Thank you. It's so pretty.
What about you? How are you doing?
Is your suit alright?
Mmm.
Tanthai,
thank you very much
for coming to my wedding.
Not at all. It's an honor
for me to be invited.
Thank you.
When is it going to be your turn?
Well, I...
You're a woman. If you marry late,
it will be hard to get pregnant.
If you found someone you like,
don't let him get away.
If there's nothing else for me,
I have to excuse myself.
- I have some other errands to run.
- Alright.
Okay.
Da,
please take care of Tanthai
- and put his suit in a bag.
- Of course.
This way, please.
- Excuse me.
- Okay.
Goodbye.
You can't stop looking at him.
Do you have feelings for him?
No!
Really?
Really.
Tanthai and I are only colleagues.
Besides, he probably has
someone else.
Then,
my brother can still hope.
- Porsche?
- Mmm.
Seriously,
it would make me so happy to
have you as my sister-in-law.
Praew!
Wow, speak of the devil.
He's here.
They say the lobster here
is really tasty.
Would you like to try some?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You're acting strange.
No one forced you
to do something again, right?
You're overthinking it.
Tell me if there's anything.
Don't keep it all inside.
You don't have to do
what you don't want to do.
Well...
Actually, I...
I have to go to the bathroom.
I think that's all for today.
I'll transfer you money
for the food and labor.
Mmm. Thanks.
Didn't you want
to tell me something?
It's nothing.
Tan,
why are you so nice to me?
Me?
How am I nice?
You agreed to have dinner with me
even though people are
gossiping about us.
And you're very thoughtful
about my feelings.
It's not a big deal, right?
I don't really want to do this.
What do you mean?
I'm an actor nowadays
for a reason.
So when I saw you trying to force
yourself to do something like me,
I probably felt sorry for you.
I'm such a fool.
I'm sorry
for telling you
to stop forcing yourself.
I kept telling you
that you have a choice
but even I can't follow
my own advice.
So if it's enough
to answer your question of
why I'm being nice to you,
it's probably because
I don't want you to be like me.
Tan.
Please.
Watch your step.
Praew's wedding is almost here.
Now that she's tried out the dress,
I'm feeling kind of sad.
Tonight's omakase has three
Michelin stars.
The waitlist is until December but
I was able to get us a table.
Mmm.
What's up with you tonight?
Nothing.
Oh?
Wait, wait, wait!
What's wrong? Tell me.
- There's nothing.
- How is that possible?
I'm probably thinking about work.
Let's go.
Work?
You don't like omakase?
That's right.
There's another place
that's even better.
Let's cancel. Forget it.
This one's much better. Let's go.
(Kae's Pork Blood Soup)
Hold on a second.
This place is good.
Trust me.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Here it is.
Eat up, Rin.
Hmm?
Excuse me?
Did he hire you?
I don't know him.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
He might punch you.
How am I supposed to know?
I didn't think you'd
know a place like this.
What do you think?
Do you think I'm too posh?
Mmm.
Eat up or it'll get cold.
Mmm! This is great!
Told you.
How did you know about this place?
Remember when we were in the UK?
You wanted to have the soup.
We searched the whole island
but we couldn't find anywhere.
I remember.
You didn't even know what
pork blood soup was back then.
I didn't understand
why you'd eat blood.
So after I came back,
I went around
sampling pork blood soup
to see which place is best. So I
could take you when you returned.
Eat a little more.
Let's just say that
this place is really great.
Thank you. I'll come again
more often.
I'm happy that you like it.
Mmm!
Actually,
how long have we known each other?
3 years, 237 days
and 8 hours and 3 minutes.
Wow, you're precise.
I told you if it's about you,
I know everything.
Do you want to try me?
- Favorite color.
- Pink.
- Most hated creature.
- Cockroaches, for sure.
- Favorite movie.
- "The Devil Wears Prada."
Wow, you're good.
You really are my best friend.
Mmm.
Hmm?
There's one thing about you
that I still don't know.
When are you going
to accept that my feelings
towards you are more than friends?
I know I might not be your prince.
But can you at least
let me be your knight
so that I can always be there
to protect you?
Let's eat or it'll get cold.
We're here.
Thanks for tonight.
No biggie. Anytime.
Don't forget to come and get
the suit for Praew's wedding.
I won't. I'll be there.
Okay.
See you.
Rin,
the question I asked you,
don't forget about it.
I'm going to demand an answer soon.
I have to go now. See you.
Aren't you going home tonight?
I want to be alone tonight.
I won't bother you then.
It's actually difficult being you.
What are you talking about?
You have to help
a self-centered muse like me
and take care of your business.
What do you mean by that?
The guy who dropped you off
must have helped you a lot.
Are you insulting me?
You're saying it as if
I approached him for money.
Isn't that true?
You need money to build a business.
So you need someone to cling to.
Have you gone crazy?
I need money for business
but that doesn't mean
I have to leech off Porsche.
Well...
I...
Is this who my muse is?
I'm trying to do everything
to make my brand a success.
But you spend your time
stirring up rumors
and gossip with a female celebrity.
And now you're accusing me
of leeching off my friend.
How disappointing.
Stirring up rumors?
You're acting strange
because of Primrose?
If it's about her, I can explain.
Rin!
Why
isn't it raining?
Tanthai hasn't picked up his suit?
Isn't the wedding tomorrow?
He'll probably come
when he has the time.
Rin!
Rin.
I'm here for my suit.
Found it. Is it this one?
It's not.
That one is for Tanthai.
Yours is this one.
Are you free tonight?
Should we have dinner together?
I'm sorry.
I probably can't make it.
I might have to finish late.
It's okay. I'm still not hungry.
I can wait.
I don't think so.
Let's save it for another time.
Alright.
We still have a lot of time
to eat together.
Right?
Mmm. Right.
Ah.
- You're Cindy?
- That's right.
I'm sorry for being late.
The traffic was really bad.
It's okay.
I took the liberty
to order food for us.
I hope you like it.
I usually order for myself.
By the way,
it's a pleasure to meet you.
- Your dad told me a bit about you.
- He did?
Finally, I get to meet you
in person.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
They're new.
It's strange.
This is the first time we've met.
But why do I feel like we've known
each other for a long time?
You look better than in the photos.
I faceplanted when I was young.
So I grew up to be handsome.
You're so funny.
You're easily amused.
I heard you like to travel, right?
You just went to Tibet.
I like to travel as well.
Last week, I just went to Paris.
It seems that both of us
will get along much better
than I expected.
- Speaking of Tibet, do you like it?
- I do.
I hate it. It's so hot there.
My armpits were so wet and icky.
Paris, are you a fan
of European countries?
It's such a long flight. How can you
manage without getting bored?
Well, then.
We can go somewhere you like.
Mmm.
I like traveling in Thailand.
Oh, okay.
During my free time, I...
Stop!
I'm sorry I...
About our engagement,
my dad arranged everything.
I never knew about it before.
You're beautiful
and lovely.
Umm...
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
I already have someone that I love.
- Hello, Dad?
- Cindy told me you were terrible.
Dad, hello.
Porsche! Porsche!
- Can you hear me?
- You know what you're going to get.
- Hello? I can't hear you.
- Porsche! Porsche!
Oh, Tan?
Oh.
- Hi.
- You seem tired.
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm fine.
Don't forget to get some rest.
I have to go now.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Thank you.
Rung,
I don't know what to do
about my feelings.
Every time I get closer to her,
I feel like
I'm moving further away from her.
Can you tell me
what I should do?
Tan!
Tan, come here.
Come on.
Oh!
Rin.
Nice dress.
It's a good brand.
I'll go and get something to eat.
I'm hungry.
No rush.
I thought you weren't going
to wear the suit.
You look very nice in it.
You designed it well.
Thanks.
I'm sorry about the other day.
I was being a bit silly.
It wasn't a bit.
You were being very silly.
You're no different.
Why?
How can you think that
there's something going on
between Primrose and me?
How can I possibly know
if you and her really
have something?
Are you jealous?
No.
I'm just confused.
I don't know how I should treat you.
I don't understand.
You seemed to care about me
all of a sudden.
And then you were mean to me.
And you distanced yourself
and were nice to another woman.
Now you're being nice to me again.
And yesterday you threw a fit at me.
I'm confused.
I'm so confused about everything.
I feel like I know you and I don't.
Who are you, really?
I'll tell you.
I'm a silly person.
Because I'm also confused
about how you treat me.
I'm crazy
because I keep thinking about
whether you're happy or sad
when we're together.
I'm selfish
because I don't want anyone
to be close to you
except me.
And...
And I'm just a guy
who doesn't know what to do
to be good enough
to be with you.
Tan.
The question you've
all been waiting for.
Who started flirting first?
A glass of red wine, please.
Wow!
What's wrong? Why the long face?
Isn't it your sister's wedding?
I'm about to do
the most important thing in my life.
But I don't know
if I'll be able to pull it off.
Then,
I wish you luck.
- I'd like something strong.
- Yes, sir.
- Another one, please.
Tan,
slow down.
We're at a wedding.
I'm about to do
the most important thing in my life.
But I don't know
if I'll be able to pull it off.
Then, I wish you luck.
Shoot. It's a deja vu.
It's the most important moment now.
Girls, gather around in the front.
Are you coming? Come on!
It's the most important moment now.
Are you ready?
Okay. The audience is ready.
Are the people
on the stage ready?
Alright. One, two, three. Go!
What's this?
Me?
I'd like to invite the lucky woman
on stage, please.
Rin.
Can I have a word?
You look very beautiful tonight.
Of course.
Do you remember what I asked you?
I'm here for the answer.
Can you give it to me now?
I know I've proposed
to you plenty of times already.
But tonight,
it's going to be the last.
And I want it to be
the last time for me
and the last time
for the both of us.
Marry me, Rin.
Porsche.
I only think of you as a brother.
Rin,
there's no need to rush.
You can think for a bit.
- I intend to...
- Porsche!
I...
I've thought about it carefully.
I really think of you as a brother.
A brother?
Just a brother?
I really care about you!
I've always been nice to you!
Haven't you thought about it at all?
I love you, Rin.
I love you. Do you hear me?
Rin.
Porsche.
Don't try anymore.
I'm sorry.
Rin.
Rin, don't go.
Why didn't you accept?
You two seem like a good fit.
You're a famous designer.
He's an entrepreneur.
Even though I don't know
what kind of business he does,
if you were with him,
you'd probably be happy
for the rest of your life.
I think
there's nothing better than...
Do you like me?
Tanthai?
Weren't you listening
to what I said?
My feelings are not important.
It's your feelings that...
I don't care.
Do you like me?
I love you.
I really do love you.
Rin,
I don't know when it started.
But now that I know,
I never want to lose you
to anyone again.
What about you?
What do you think about me?
I love you too.
You're so beautiful.
What's up with you?
How come
you're complimenting me now?
I can't stop
my own thoughts right now.
Actually,
I can't control
my own thoughts either.
My feelings
are really chaotic right now.
I don't know
what I should do.
Then,
let's
run away together.
Run away?
To where?
To a place where both of us
won't have to think.
We can let our hearts decide.
Mmm. Let's go.
Two missed calls from the agency.
It's nine o'clock already?
Hello, Nid.
Okay.
It's confirmed.
Two in the afternoon?
I'll ask Tan first.
Okay. Goodbye.
Porsche,
it's time to get up.
Hey.
What?
I thought I...
No need to be serious.
- The shirt!
- You.
The bra!
Me.
- We...
- Slept together.
Oh, shoot.
What? Don't you remember?
I'm sad, you know?
Last night
was quite fun,
Mr. Producer.
I'm ready.
I know where Rarin is now.
She went to her mom's place
in Khao Yai.
- Mom.
- Help!
Help me!
I dreamed of the first day we met.
But you weren't there.
No matter where you disappear to,
I'm going to find you.
I love Rin.
Do you hear me?
But shouldn't you just stop
once you've tried hard enough?
Rarin, can you still hear a voice
every time it rains?